{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green0\blue7;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15660\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
LING 567 Lab 2
\f0\b0 \
\

\f2\i Refinement of grammar in customization system
\f0\i0 \
\
- Got no asterisks \
- Question marks \
\
1. Under General Information \
On iso# (no changes made)\
2. Under Sentential Negation under asymmetric_negation_options:\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- May we retain your answers to this questionnaire?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 ?\cf2 \'a0\'a0yes (recommended)\
\'a0no\
(No changes made)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Negative auxiliary verb: Checking this box creates a neg-aux type which contributes a neg_rel that outscopes it's complement's handle. This lexical type will show up on the lexicon page where you'll need to further specify its syntax.\
(No changes made)\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How many items parsed?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is the average number of parses per parsed item?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How many parses did the most ambiguous item receive?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What sources of ambiguity can you identify?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
For 10 items (if you have at least that many parsing), do any of the parses look reasonable in the semantics? (Emily will demo in class on Thursday.)\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf2 Secondly, certain tense prefixes and tense/aspect suffixes have co-occurrence restrictions. The future suffix -a may only occur with the future, imperative, or irrealis prefixes. It is unacceptable with the past prefix: \
a. Anarla jiiba may! A-n-arl-a IMP-TR-eat-FUT jiiba this may! food. \'91Eat this food!\'92 b. *Nga-na-rl-a. 1MIN-TR-[PST]-eat-FUT (Intended: \'91I shall have eaten it.\'92)\
That is, there is no future perfect marking in the language.
\f0\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf2 There are other tense/mood and aspect co-occurrence restrictions. The irrealis prefix l-, for example, blocks the appearance of -gal \'91recent past\'92 or -ij \'91middle perfect\'92; the only suffixes that it can occur with are the future -a, the continuative -n and the remote/general past -na. Further information can be found in Chapter 11. The future prefix ngg- may occur with the perfective suffix -ij, although it is rare: (9.13) Ngaanka inonggonboojirri ngayoonyarr jarr aamb oonkalij. Ngaanka message i-no-ng-gonboo=jirri 3-TR-PAST-send=2M.DO ngayoo-nyarr 1MIN-COM jarr this aamb man oo-n-k-al-ij. 3-FUT-TR-see-PFV \'91The man sent a message with me that he will look for you.\'92 (Aklif field notes)\

\f0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Future tense in Bardi is marked with an affix on the auxiliary and an optional affix on the verb. That is, if the future tense marker is on the auxiliary, the sentence is interpreted in future tense. The verb can also have a future tense marker, but it is not required. The future tense marker on the verb is not compatible with non-future-tense marked auxiliaries, except when it is used instead as the imperative form.\
Here are some examples:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 Source: a\
Vetted: t\
Judgment: g\
Phenomena: tense\
Gurinymi ngu gulugba.\
Guriny-mi ng-u gulug-ba.\
good-FAC 1.SG.S-FUT sleep-FUT\
I will sleep well.\
Source: a\
Vetted: t\
Judgment: g\
Phenomena: tense\
Yabu ny-u nganga angarri-nka.\
have 2.SG.A-FUT 2.SG.OBL corroboree.IV-DAT\
You'll keep it for yourself for a corroboree.\
Source: author\
Vetted: f\
Judgment: u\
Phenomena: tense\
Gurinymi ngu gulugba.\
Guriny-mi ngi-ma gulug-ba.\
good-FAC 1.SG.S-PAST sleep-FUT\
intended: I will sleep well.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 In order to model this, I defined a tense inflection slot that takes auxiliary verbs as input. In this slot, one of the morphemes is the future marker\'a0
\f2\i ma
\f0\i0 . This marker constrains the TENSE to be "future" on the verb. I've also defined a tense inflection slot on the main verbs. It has only one morpheme: the future marker\'a0
\f2\i ba
\f0\i0 . Just like\'a0
\f2\i ma
\f0\i0 ,\'a0
\f2\i ba
\f0\i0 \'a0constraints TENSE on the verb to be "future". This slot is optional, so verbs without\'a0
\f2\i ba
\f0\i0 \'a0are unmarked. Because the other things in the auxiliary tense slot specify TENSE values that inconsistent with "future",\'a0
\f2\i ba
\f0\i0 -marked verbs should only co-occur with\'a0
\f2\i ma
\f0\i0 -marked auxiliaries.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Bibliographical note: The two grammatical examples above are from Nordliner, Rachel. 1998.\'a0
\f2\i A Grammar of Wambaya, Northern Australia
\f0\i0 . Canberra: Research School of Pacific and Asian Studies, The Australian National University.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \
}